content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
authors:
- admin
bio: My research interests include population genomics and marine conservation.
education:
  courses:
  - course: B.S. in Biology
    institution: Pennsylvania State University
    year: 2014
  - course: M.S. in Biology
    institution: Saint Joseph's University
    year: 2017
email: "rene.clark@rutgers.edu"
interests:
- Population Genomics
- Molecular Ecology
- Marine Conservation
name: René Clark
organizations:
- name: Rutgers University
  url: ""
role: PhD Candidate in Ecology & Evolution
social:
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/rclark848
superuser: true
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

I am currently a PhD candidate in Ecology & Evolution at Rutgers University. My research interests include molecular ecology and marine conservation. Most of my current work involves using population genomics tools and techniques to assess how marine populations are changing through both space and time, with emphasis on how we as humans are driving such processes around the globe. I am particularly interested in questions of adaptation and selection, as well as assessing the adaptive potential of tropical fish species.

When not doing my own research, I am also very passionate about getting our younger generations engaged in scientific endeavors. Prior to working at Rutgers I spent several years working in the Philadelphia Public School District supplementing science curriculum with hands-on activities, and running science summer camps for all age groups. I am currently serving as an Ecology Teacher at an early education enrichment center in NJ.

Commit message:

add link to google scholar profile

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
authors:
- admin
bio: My research interests include population genomics and marine conservation.
education:
  courses:
  - course: B.S. in Biology
    institution: Pennsylvania State University
    year: 2014
  - course: M.S. in Biology
    institution: Saint Joseph's University
    year: 2017
email: "rene.clark@rutgers.edu"
interests:
- Population Genomics
- Molecular Ecology
- Marine Conservation
name: René Clark
organizations:
- name: Rutgers University
  url: ""
role: PhD Candidate in Ecology & Evolution
social:
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/rclark848
-icon: google
 icon_pack: fab
 link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=TW9BByYAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=sra
superuser: true
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

I am currently a PhD candidate in Ecology & Evolution at Rutgers University, where my research interests include molecular ecology and marine conservation. Most of my current work involves using population genomics tools and techniques to assess how marine populations are changing through both space and time, with emphasis on how we as humans are driving such processes around the globe. I am particularly interested in questions of adaptation and selection, as well as assessing the adaptive potential of tropical fish species.

When not doing my own research, I am also very passionate about getting our younger generations engaged in scientific endeavors. Prior to working at Rutgers I spent several years working in the Philadelphia Public School District supplementing science curriculum with hands-on activities, and running science summer camps for all age groups. I am currently serving as the Outreach Coordinator for the Ecology & Evolution GSA at Rutgers, as well as an Ecology Teacher at an early education enrichment center in NJ.
